What do I do?

There is a main storyline of sorts. Find the 8 maps, and then find the 8 seals
to unlock the final boss. And then beating the final boss unlocks the postgame.
But you can ignore all that if you want, this is based on TES after all.








Where are the maps then?

Not telling. Go out and explore!








How does levelling work?

Levelling up your skills gives you EXP towards your next level. When you level
up, you gain stat points based on what skills you used the most, capped at 3
stat points per level. So improving your SWORD skill gives you STR when you
level up, and improving your SPEECH skill gives you CHA when you level up. To
put it simply, each skill improves the stat which it's on the same horizontal
line as.

Also, skills are capped at the level of the stat they are affected by. The 
SWORD skill is capped at your current STR, for example.






How do I improve my skills then?

By using them. Hit monsters while having a dagger equipped to improve DAGGER,
walk around to improve ATHLETE, etc.








How can I most efficiently improve each skill?
	Combat skills:
	AXE 	- Hit monsters with axes
	SPEAR 	- Hit monsters with spears
	SWORD 	- Hit monsters with swords
	MACE 	- Hit monsters with maces
	DAGGER 	- Hit monsters with daggers
	FIST	- Hit monsters with fist weapons
	H ARMOR - Take damage while wearing heavy armor
	M ARMOR - Take damage while wearing medium armor
	L ARMOR - Take damage while wearing light armor
	DODGE   - Dodge an attack
	BLOCK	- Equip a shield and block an attack
	CRIT	- Land a critical hit

	Quest Skills:
	ENDURE 	- Find places to train outside of combat
	SMASH 	- Find places to train outside of combat
	CLIMB 	- Find places to train outside of combat
	STEALTH - Find places to train outside of combat
	SPEECH 	- Find places to train outside of combat
	UNLOCK 	- Find places to train outside of combat

	Other Skills:
	ATHLETE - Find places to train outside of combat
			- Travel on the world map
	MEDIC	- Find places to train outside of combat
			- Heal youself after combat








What do skills do, themselves?

There are 3 kinds of skills: Combat skills, quest skills, and other skills.
Combat skills are used in combat. Quest skills are used to find key items, if
your level in the required skill is high enough. Other skills are used to
reduce wait times.








			
What does each skill affect, in detail?
	Weapon skills - Improves chance to hit, if you have the weapon equipped
		     	  - Small chance to dodge boost, if you have the weapon equipped
	Armor skills  - Boosts AC of your armor pieces
	Quest skills  - Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	Other skills  - Affects waiting times








More detail.
	Combat skills:
	AXE 	- Improves chance to hit with axes
	SPEAR 	- Improves chance to hit with spears
	SWORD 	- Improves chance to hit with swords
	MACE 	- Improves chance to hit with maces
	DAGGER 	- Improves chance to hit with daggers
	FIST	- Improves chance to hit with fist weapons
	H ARMOR - Boosts AC of your heavy armor pieces
	M ARMOR - Boosts AC of your medium armor pieces
	L ARMOR - Boosts AC of your light armor pieces
	DODGE   - Improves chance to dodge
	BLOCK	- Improves chance to block an attack
	CRIT	- Improves chance to land a critical hit

	Combat Skills, extra uses:
	AXE 	- Small chance to dodge boost while using axes
	SPEAR	- Small chance to dodge boost while using spears
	SWORD	- Small chance to dodge boost while using swords
	MACE	- Small chance to dodge boost while using maces
	DAGGER	- Small chance to dodge boost while using daggers
	FIST	- Small chance to dodge boost while using fist weapons
	
	Quest Skills:
	ENDURE 	- Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	SMASH 	- Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	CLIMB 	- Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	STEALTH - Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	SPEECH 	- Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough
	UNLOCK 	- Allows you to get key items if the skill level is high enough

	Quest Skills, extra uses:
	ENDURE  - Small boost to damage reduction
	SMASH	- Small boost to attack damage
	STEALTH - Small boost to your chance to dodge

	Other Skills:
	ATHLETE - Travel faster on the world map
	MEDIC	- Heal yourself faster after combat








What does each stat do then (DEF, STR, etc.)?
	DEF - Improves damage when using axes and spears
	STR - Improves damage when using swords and maces
	AGI - Improves damage when using daggers
	SPD - Improves damage when using fist weapons
	    - Small boost to your chance to dodge
	    - Small boost to your chance to hit
	CHA - ...nothing, lol.
	LUK - Improves everything in combat a tiny bit, including chance to crit








Anything else I should know?

You can unequip shields (but not any other of the armor pieces) by clicking on
them a second time. You get a damage boost if you don't use a shield, but you
give up the ability to block.

This game is based on the systems from TES3 Morrowind. So when in doubt, you
can probably assume that it works the same as Morrowind.








Why not Oblivion or Skyrim?

Because I haven't played them yet. Nothing personal, I'm sure they're both
awesome, but I just don't know anything about how they work at the moment.








Why not Arena or Daggerfall?

Arena's too simplistic, and I haven't played Daggerfall either. I've skipped
over it for now because I heard it was really really glitchy and that Morrowind
was the best WRPG ever made.